android/file-upload-example/README.md, before:

# TalkJS Android File Upload Example

This code shows how to implement file upload support in Android's WebView.
Despite TalkJS already supporting uploading of files, the default Android WebView implementation
does not implement file uploads. The code also shows how to upload rich content
to TalkJS via the [unified API](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/receive-rich-content)
This enables users to upload images and videos from the clipboard, keyboard or through drag and drop.

## Getting Started

It is recommended to open this project in Android Studio so that Gradle sync is handled
automatically for you.

Before running the app, don’t forget to replace the string, YOUR_APP_ID, with your TalkJS app ID from the dashboard.

This code sample was used as part of two tutorials:

1. [How to implement file upload in Android](https://talkjs.com/resources/chat-file-upload-android/)
2. [How to add support for rich content in the webview](https://talkjs.com/resources/support-for-rich-content-in-the-webview/)

The two tutorials provide a step by step analysis of each code section and what it achieves.

Commit message:

Add project zip download links to READMEs

android/file-upload-example/README.md, after:

# Android file upload example

This code shows how to implement file upload support in Android's WebView.
Despite TalkJS already supporting uploading of files, the default Android WebView implementation
does not implement file uploads. The code also shows how to upload rich content
to TalkJS via the [unified API](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/receive-rich-content)
This enables users to upload images and videos from the clipboard, keyboard or through drag and drop.

> [!TIP]
> [Download this example project as a zip file](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/android.file-upload-example.zip)

## Getting Started

It is recommended to open this project in Android Studio so that Gradle sync is handled
automatically for you.

Before running the app, don’t forget to replace the string, `YOUR_APP_ID`, with your app ID from the [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/).

This code sample was used as part of two tutorials:

1. [How to implement file upload in Android](https://talkjs.com/resources/chat-file-upload-android/)
2. [How to add support for rich content in the webview](https://talkjs.com/resources/support-for-rich-content-in-the-webview/)

The two tutorials provide a step by step analysis of each code section and what it achieves.
