howtos/how-to-add-forwarding/README.md, before:

# How to add message forwarding to your chat

<!-- TO DO: add link to tutorial -->

This is an example project for TalkJS's tutorial on [how to add message forwarding to your chat](ADD_URL). 

This project uses custom [message actions](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/Message_Actions/) and the [TalkJS REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Getting_Started/Introduction/) to allow users to forward text-based messages to conversations that they're part of.

## Prerequisites

To run this example project, you need:

- A [TalkJS account](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## How to run the example

1. Clone or download the project.
2. Add a custom message action to allow message forwarding.
    1. On the **Chat UI** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/), in the section 'Custom message actions', select **Add action** to add a message action.
    2. Give your action the name `forward` and the label `Forward`.
    3. Select which messages can be forwarded, and who can do the forwarding. For the purposes of this guide, for **Which messages** select that the action should be available for `All messages`, and for **Action available to**, select `Everyone`.
3. Add styling to distinguish forwarded messages in your theme. The following steps add a subtle but noticeable right-pointed arrow and the label *Forwarded* at the top of the message body of messages that have been forwarded.
    1. On the **Themes** page of your dashboard, select **Edit** for the theme that you’d like to use.
    2. To identify user messages that have been forwarded, in `UserMessage`, add the following to the `<template>` part of the code:
        ```html
        <!-- Check for forwarded messages -->
        <div class="{{ custom.forwardedFrom | then: 'forwarded' }}"></div>
        ```
    3. Then, to style the message body of a forwarded message, go to `MessageBody` and add the following inside the `<template>` section:
        ```html
        <div t:if="{{ forwardedFrom }}">
            <div class="forwarded-header">
                <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" version="1.1" x="0px" y="0px" viewBox="0 0 100 125" style="enable-background:new 0 0 100 100;" xml:space="preserve">
                    <path d="M56.8,31.5V16c-0.1-0.8,0.1-1.6,0.7-2.2c1-1,2.7-1,3.8,0l32.4,28.9c0.6,0.6,0.8,1.3,0.8,2c0,0.7-0.2,1.5-0.8,2L61.4,75.5 c-0.5,0.6-1.2,1-2,1c-0.7,0-1.4-0.3-1.9-0.8c0,0,0,0,0,0c-0.6-0.6-0.8-1.4-0.7-2.2c0,0,0-14.6,0-15.5c-17.4,0-33.6-1.1-50.3,22.1 C3.3,84.3,5.8,31.3,56.8,31.5z" fill="#FFFFFF" opacity="0.8"/>
                </svg>
                <span class="forwarded-indicator">Forwarded</span>
            </div>
        </div>
        ```
    4. Still in `MessageBody`, add the following styles to the `<styles>` section:
        ```css
        /* Styles for forwarded messages */
        .forwarded-header {
            display: flex;
            align-items: center;
            margin-top: 0.5rem;
            margin-left: 0.5rem;
        }

        .forwarded-header svg {
            width: 1.5rem;
            height: 1.5rem;
            margin-right: 0.3rem;
        }

        .forwarded-indicator {
            color: #ffffff;
            font-style: italic;
            opacity: 0.8;
        }
        ```
4. Back in your project, add your own credentials. In `script.js` and `server.js`, replace `<APP_ID>` with your own app ID, and replace `<API_KEY>` with your secret key for the TalkJS REST API. You can find both on the **Settings** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/).
5. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
6. Run `npm start` to start the server.

You now have a working example project in which users can forward messages. 

![In the top left a chat message with a dropdown menu with three options: 'Reply', 'Add reaction', and 'Forward'. In the bottom right a message with at the top a right-pointed arrow and the italicized text 'Forwarded'.](/howtos/how-to-add-forwarding/forwarding.png)
*A menu with the option to forward a message, and an example of a forwarded message*

## Limitation

This example implementation of message forwarding only supports forwarding text-based messages, not messages that are location shares, [voice messages](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/Voice_Messages/), or [file attachments](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/File_Sharing/). To extend the current functionality to also include forwarding files, see the information on [sending files with the REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Messages/#send-a-file).

Commit message:

Clarify selecting role, streamline placeholder name

howtos/how-to-add-forwarding/README.md, after:

# How to add message forwarding to your chat

<!-- TO DO: add link to tutorial -->

This is an example project for TalkJS's tutorial on [how to add message forwarding to your chat](ADD_URL). 

This project uses custom [message actions](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/Message_Actions/) and the [TalkJS REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Getting_Started/Introduction/) to allow users to forward text-based messages to conversations that they're part of.

## Prerequisites

To run this example project, you need:

- A [TalkJS account](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## How to run the example

1. Clone or download the project.
2. Add a custom message action to allow message forwarding.
    1. On the **Chat UI** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/), select the role for which you'd like to edit the settings. This guide uses the `default` role.
    2. Still on the **Chat UI** page, in the section 'Custom message actions', select **Add action** to add a message action.
    3. Give your action the name `forward` and the label `Forward`.
    4. Select which messages can be forwarded, and who can do the forwarding. For the purposes of this guide, for **Which messages** select that the action should be available for `All messages`, and for **Action available to**, select `Everyone`.
3. Add styling to distinguish forwarded messages in your theme. The following steps add a subtle but noticeable right-pointed arrow and the label *Forwarded* at the top of the message body of messages that have been forwarded.
    1. On the **Themes** page of your dashboard, select **Edit** for the theme that you’d like to use.
    2. To identify user messages that have been forwarded, in `UserMessage`, add the following to the `<template>` part of the code:
        ```html
        <!-- Check for forwarded messages -->
        <div class="{{ custom.forwardedFrom | then: 'forwarded' }}"></div>
        ```
    3. Then, to style the message body of a forwarded message, go to `MessageBody` and add the following inside the `<template>` section:
        ```html
        <div t:if="{{ forwardedFrom }}">
            <div class="forwarded-header">
                <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" version="1.1" x="0px" y="0px" viewBox="0 0 100 125" style="enable-background:new 0 0 100 100;" xml:space="preserve">
                    <path d="M56.8,31.5V16c-0.1-0.8,0.1-1.6,0.7-2.2c1-1,2.7-1,3.8,0l32.4,28.9c0.6,0.6,0.8,1.3,0.8,2c0,0.7-0.2,1.5-0.8,2L61.4,75.5 c-0.5,0.6-1.2,1-2,1c-0.7,0-1.4-0.3-1.9-0.8c0,0,0,0,0,0c-0.6-0.6-0.8-1.4-0.7-2.2c0,0,0-14.6,0-15.5c-17.4,0-33.6-1.1-50.3,22.1 C3.3,84.3,5.8,31.3,56.8,31.5z" fill="#FFFFFF" opacity="0.8"/>
                </svg>
                <span class="forwarded-indicator">Forwarded</span>
            </div>
        </div>
        ```
    4. Still in `MessageBody`, add the following styles to the `<styles>` section:
        ```css
        /* Styles for forwarded messages */
        .forwarded-header {
            display: flex;
            align-items: center;
            margin-top: 0.5rem;
            margin-left: 0.5rem;
        }

        .forwarded-header svg {
            width: 1.5rem;
            height: 1.5rem;
            margin-right: 0.3rem;
        }

        .forwarded-indicator {
            color: #ffffff;
            font-style: italic;
            opacity: 0.8;
        }
        ```
4. Back in your project, add your own credentials. In `script.js` and `server.js`, replace `<APP_ID>` with your own app ID, and replace `<SECRET_KEY>` with your secret key for the TalkJS REST API. You can find both on the **Settings** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/).
5. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
6. Run `npm start` to start the server.

You now have a working example project in which users can forward messages. 

![In the top left a chat message with a dropdown menu with three options: 'Reply', 'Add reaction', and 'Forward'. In the bottom right a message with at the top a right-pointed arrow and the italicized text 'Forwarded'.](/howtos/how-to-add-forwarding/forwarding.png)
*A menu with the option to forward a message, and an example of a forwarded message*

## Limitation

This example implementation of message forwarding only supports forwarding text-based messages, not messages that are location shares, [voice messages](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/Voice_Messages/), or [file attachments](https://talkjs.com/docs/Features/Message_Features/File_Sharing/). To extend the current functionality to also include forwarding files, see the information on [sending files with the REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Messages/#send-a-file).
