howtos/how-to-add-a-real-time-unread-conversation-counter-to-a-talkjs-chat/README.md, before:

# This sample code accompanies a guide on How to Add a Real-time Unread Conversation Counter to a TalkJS Chat

- [Read it on our blog]({blog url})
- [Read it on dev.to](https://dev.to/talkjs/how-to-add-a-real-time-unread-conversation-counter-to-a-talkjs-chat-2o05)

## Project Setup

- index.php is a basic HTML page with a TalkJS instance.
- Replace the APP_ID in each index.php with your own APPID
- Copy index.php to your local server webroot (example: C:\wamp\www)
- Visit <https://localhost> or the webroot from the browser to view the chat instance for this user.

## Initiate First Messages Using The Rest API

- You can better understand this demo with multiple users chatting with each other. 
- Therefore, you can create another index.php (user1/index.php) and replace the user id with a different one. You can create multiple Talkjs instances like this.
- Once you have your instances ready, now you can get a conversation going between these users using the REST API.
  - <https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Conversations/>
- After creating a conversation, send an initial message from each user to the conversation using the REST API.
  - <https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Messages/>
- Now, your TalkJS instances should start showing up messages.
- Create multiple different conversations to understand better how the Unread counter works here.

Commit message:

Add project zip download links to READMEs

howtos/how-to-add-a-real-time-unread-conversation-counter-to-a-talkjs-chat/README.md, after:

# How to add a real-time unread conversation counter to a TalkJS chat

This example project accompanies the tutorial: [How to add an unread conversation counter to TalkJS](https://talkjs.com/resources/how-to-add-a-real-time-unread-conversation-counter-to-a-talkjs-chat/).

> [!TIP]
> [Download this example project as a zip file](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/howtos.how-to-add-a-real-time-unread-conversation-counter-to-a-talkjs-chat.zip)

## Project setup

- `index.php` is a basic HTML page with a TalkJS instance.
- Replace the `APP_ID` in each `index.php` with your own app ID, which you can find on the **Settings** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/).
- Copy `index.php` to your local server webroot (example: `C:\wamp\www`)
- Visit `<https://localhost>` or the webroot from the browser to view the chat instance for this user.

## Initiate first messages using the TalkJS REST API

- You can better understand this demo with multiple users chatting with each other. For that reason, create another `index.php` (`user1/index.php`) and replace the user ID with a different one. You can create multiple Talkjs instances like this.
- Once you have your instances ready, get a [conversation going between these users using the REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Conversations/).
- After creating a conversation, send an initial [message from each user to the conversation using the REST API](https://talkjs.com/docs/Reference/REST_API/Messages/).
- Now, your TalkJS instances should start showing messages.
- Create multiple different conversations to better understand how the unread counter works.
