angular/angular-chat-app/README.md, before:

# TalkjsAngular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Update Angular chat app readme

angular/angular-chat-app/README.md, after:

# TalkJS and Angular example

This is an example project for TalkJS's tutorial on [how to build a chat into an Angular app with TalkJS](https://talkjs.com/resources/angular-chat-app/).

## Prerequisites

To run this tutorial, you will need:

- A [TalkJS account](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.dev/cli). This project was generated with Angular CLI version 12.2.5.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## How to run the tutorial

1. Clone or download the project.
2. Replace `YOUR_APP_ID_HERE` in `src/app/talk.service.ts` with your own app ID. You can find your app ID on the **Settings** page of your [TalkJS dashboard](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/).
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Run `ng serve` to start the server.
5. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to view the app. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI, use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Do you have any questions about adding chat to an Angular app? We're happy to help. [Get in touch.](https://talkjs.com/?chat)
